c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\bin\Debug\Edg.xr.xml
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\bin\Debug\Edg.exe
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\bin\Debug\Edg.pdb
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\bin\Debug\Edg.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\Edg.exe
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\Edg.pdb
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\CategoriesPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\CategoriesPage.g.cs
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\CategoriesPage.xaml
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\CategoriesPage.xbf
c:\users\varun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\bin\Debug\CategoriesPage.xbf
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\bin\Debug\DataModel\SampleData.json
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\bin\Debug\TestPage.xbf
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\TestPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\TestPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\TestPage.xaml
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\TestPage.xbf
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\bin\Debug\SponsorsPage.xbf
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\SponsorsPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\SponsorsPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\SponsorsPage.xaml
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\SponsorsPage.xbf
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\bin\Debug\WorkshopsPage.xbf
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\WorkshopsPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\WorkshopsPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\WorkshopsPage.xaml
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\WorkshopsPage.xbf
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\bin\Debug\AboutUs.xbf
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\AboutUs.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\AboutUs.g.cs
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\AboutUs.xaml
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\AboutUs.xbf
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\bin\Debug\AppCreatorPage.xbf
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\AppCreatorPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\AppCreatorPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\AppCreatorPage.xaml
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\AppCreatorPage.xbf
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\bin\Debug\StarPage.xbf
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\StarPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\StarPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\StarPage.xaml
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\StarPage.xbf
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\SpecialEvents.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\SpecialEvents.g.cs
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\bin\Debug\SpecialEvents.xbf
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\SpecialEvents.xaml
C:\Users\Varun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Edg\Edg\obj\Debug\SpecialEvents.xbf
